#585: Pin maven plugin versions (#590)
exasol/project-keeper: doc/changes/changes_4.3.4.md

The release ignores vulnerability CVE-2023-7272 in transitive runtime dependency `org.glassfish:javax.json:1.1.4` via `com.jcabi:jcabi-github:jar:1.9.1` as this is accepted for accessing exasol json documents on GitHub.

> The release also pins Maven plugin versions to avoid plugin versions depending on the Maven version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release also pins Maven plugin versions to avoid verify findings caused by differences in plugin versions that only depend on the Maven version.
```
